---
title: "Chapter 0 - usage"
---

# How to use the slides

<div style="text-align: center;">Qihang</div>
<br>
<div style="text-align: center;">2025, Sept 20</div>

---

## Add Some Math Equations

$$
\begin{align*}
  \nabla \cdot \mathbf{E} &= \frac{\rho}{\epsilon_0} \\
  \nabla \cdot \mathbf{B} &= 0 \\
  \nabla \times \mathbf{E} &= -\frac{\partial \mathbf{B}}{\partial t} \\
  \nabla \times \mathbf{B} &= \mu_0 \left( \mathbf{J} + \epsilon_0 \frac{\partial \mathbf{E}}{\partial t} \right)
\end{align*}
$$
<div style="text-align: center;"><strong>Try Bold Text</strong></div>
<div style="text-align: center;"><em>Try Italic Text</em></div>
<div style="text-align: center;">Try Bold Text</div>

---

## Animated Math Equations

<!-- 逐行显示麦克斯韦方程组 -->
<div class="fragment">
$$
\nabla \cdot \mathbf{E} = \frac{\rho}{\epsilon_0}
$$
</div>

<div class="fragment">
$$
\nabla \cdot \mathbf{B} = 0
$$
</div>

<div class="fragment">
$$
\nabla \times \mathbf{E} = -\frac{\partial \mathbf{B}}{\partial t}
$$
</div>

<div class="fragment">
$$
\nabla \times \mathbf{B} = \mu_0 \left( \mathbf{J} + \epsilon_0 \frac{\partial \mathbf{E}}{\partial t} \right)
$$
</div>

---

## Custom Order Animation

<!-- 可以自定义显示顺序 -->
<div class="fragment" data-fragment-index="1">
$$
\nabla \cdot \mathbf{E} = \frac{\rho}{\epsilon_0}
$$
</div>

<div class="fragment" data-fragment-index="3">
$$
\nabla \cdot \mathbf{B} = 0
$$
</div>

<div class="fragment" data-fragment-index="2">
$$
\nabla \times \mathbf{E} = -\frac{\partial \mathbf{B}}{\partial t}
$$
</div>

<div class="fragment" data-fragment-index="4">
$$
\nabla \times \mathbf{B} = \mu_0 \left( \mathbf{J} + \epsilon_0 \frac{\partial \mathbf{E}}{\partial t} \right)
$$
</div>
---
## Vertical slides

It is also possible to use vertical slides. Again you can use the arrow keys on your keyboard, or the arrows in the lower right corner, to also go up or down.

-v-

## Example vertical

You don't have to use vertical slides, but it is there if you want to.

---

## Goto specific slide

If you need to go to a specific slide, you can press `g` on your keyboard and type the slide number of the slide you want to go to.

You can see the slide numbers in the lower right corner. There is also a progress bar at the bottom.

---

## Overview

To get a quick overview of all the slides, or quickly go to another slide, press `esc` on your keyboard.

---

## Search

To quickly search for keywords through the slides, press `ctrl + shift + f` on your keyboard to enter a search term and press `Enter` to search for it.

---

## Pause

To pause the slideshow, press `b` on your keyboard.

---

## Speaker notes

Just like Powerpoint, you can add notes in the Markdown file. These notes won't show up in the slides, but are visible in the [speaker view](https://revealjs.com/speaker-view/). You can summon this dedicated speaker view window by just pressing `s` on your keyboard. Try it out here to see the notes.

Note:

Yay, you found the notes!

---

_Tip: In some browser, you need to allow popups. If you do and the speaker view windows comes up blank, just try again._

---

## Zoom

Hold down the `alt` key on your keyboard and click on any element to [zoom](https://github.com/fat/zoom.js/) towards it. Click again to zoom back out.

_For Linux users: use `ctrl + click` in instead of `alt + click`._

---
